feat(metro-config): add Tailwind × PostCSS support to Metro web (#25339)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/config/metro.mdx

### Tailwind

> > **info** Standard Tailwind does not support native platforms, this is web-only. Use a compatability library like [Nativewind](https://www.nativewind.dev/) for universal support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> **info** Standard Tailwind does not support native platforms. This is web-only. For universal support, use a compatible library like [Nativewind](https://www.nativewind.dev/).
```

> [Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) can be used with Metro for web. The following files are modified:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Tailwind](https://tailwindcss.com/) can be used with Metro for web. The following files are required to be modified to set it up:
```

<FileTree files={['app.json', 'package.json', 'global.css', 'tailwind.config.js', 'index.js']} />

> First, ensure you're using Metro for web in your **app.json**:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, ensure you are using Metro for web in your **app.json**:
```

}
```

> Then simply configure Tailwind according to the [Tailwind PostCSS docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation/using-postcss).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then, configure Tailwind according to the [Tailwind PostCSS docs](https://tailwindcss.com/docs/installation/using-postcss).
```

<Step label="1">

> Install `tailwindcss` and its peer dependencies, and create your **tailwind.config.js** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Install `tailwindcss` and its peer dependencies, and create a **tailwind.config.js** file:
```

<Terminal cmd={['$ yarn add --dev tailwindcss postcss autoprefixer', '$ npx tailwindcss init']} />

</Step>

<Step label="2">

> Add `tailwindcss` and `autoprefixer` to your **postcss.config.js** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add `tailwindcss` and `autoprefixer` to your **postcss.config.js** file:
```

```js postcss.config.js
module.exports = {
  plugins: {
    tailwindcss: {},
    autoprefixer: {},
  },
};
```

</Step>

<Step label="3">

> Add the paths to all of your template files in your **tailwind.config.js** file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Add the paths to all of your template files in your **tailwind.config.js** file:
```

};
```

> Consider using a root `/src` directory to simplify this step. Learn more in [`src` directory](/router/reference/src-directory).

</Step>

<Step label="4">

Create **global.css** in your project and add directives for each of Tailwind's layers:

```css global.css
/* This file adds the requisite utility classes for Tailwind to work. */
@tailwind base;
@tailwind components;
@tailwind utilities;
```

Ensure you import this file in your root-most JavaScript file:

```js index.js
import './global.css';
```

> > Expo Router users can use `./index.js` or `./app/_layout.js`, they both work the same.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> When using Expo Router, you can use **./index.js** or **./app/_layout.js**. They both work the same.
```

</Step>

<Step label="5">

> Start your project, you may want to clear the transform cache for good measure:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Start your project by clearing the transform cache for good measure:
```

}
```

#### Tailwind Troubleshooting

> If you have a custom `config.cacheStores` in your **metro.config.js**, you'll need to extend the Expo superclass of `FileStore`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have a custom `config.cacheStores` in your **metro.config.js**, you need to extend the Expo superclass of `FileStore`:
```
